[docs] Improve accessibility for select examples (#48250)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/selects/selects.md

Unlike input components, the `placeholder` prop is not available in Select. To add a placeholder, refer to the [placeholder](#placeholder) section below.
:::

### Variants

{{"demo": "SelectVariants.js"}}

:::warning
Note that when using FormControl with the outlined variant of the Select, you need to provide a label in two places: in the InputLabel component and in the `label` prop of the Select component (see the above demo). This is needed for the label floating animation to work correctly.
:::

### Labels and helper text

> Select always needs an accessible name. This can come from an associated visible label, such as an `InputLabel` linked to the `Select` with `labelId` or from adding an `aria-label` prop to the `input` slot. If more information is needed, provide a helper text element and link it to the `Select` using `aria-describedby`.

Reviewer: It is not an `input` "slot" specifically (like `slotProps.input`) but the props passed to the HTML <input> element:

```suggestion
Select always needs an accessible name. This can come from an associated visible label, such as an `InputLabel` linked to the `Select` with `labelId` or from adding an `aria-label` prop to the input element props (`inputProps`). If more information is needed, provide a helper text element and link it to the `Select` using `aria-describedby`.
```
